yo what's up guys it's a new year new
semester today we're gonna travel all
across all Vancouver and try to find the
best coffee shop to study in we're gonna
take you with us let's go all right good
old start my car looks good old
Starbucks now literally pay rent to this
place every day during the final season
I come she make my money alright so
today we're gonna be raiding on with
more Skills number one it's a coffee of
course number two it survives
how is it actually for studying and
number three we come up with a
comprehensive study has all right a
real-life simulation of what it's like
to study and lastly is it Instagram
worth it because if you didn't take a
picture
did you really study who did you really
study think about that cheers Mary
coffee
[Music]
no no no it's a YouTube video but like
coffee shops around Vancouver yeah but
no no dating video or not I have a
girlfriend okay on to the next place
let's go let's go bro so now we're on
our way to laughs for rent with an
accent on the e ye du Pont's up I
haven't seen so long yeah alright and
I'm going back in like caves yeah how
would you describe your words after a
refreshing trip to the washroom we have
arrived to Lafayette cheers bro you got
a Cheers
come on my bad oh that's actually so
strong I could definitely taste the
caffeine a lot in this what do you think
although the vibes it felt like yeah the
vibes in st. Ives this is an area for
studying right beside us and then
there's tables a law in the middle
jungle and then there's an area where
you just say chill out a lot of space
let's do our study test just do it all
right we got some knowledge and the
laptop it's like a little bigger than
Starbucks table because it's a rectangle
and math honestly I come here as a date
yeah this with this whole atmosphere I
feel like I'll be distracted studying is
it instagram-worthy
definitely it is this is the time we got
here I've seen like five or six people
like take photos of themselves so guy
indoor garden and natural lighting guys
secret right here if you don't take
pictures of you doing the rising grind
got pictures of Floyd Mayweather like
standing in front of him he's like no
matter how many times you get knocked
down just stand back up
it's lit lit so how many
Starbucks stars would laughter right get
out of seventh give it a six point five
six point seven five for me
I would definitely come here just to
chill you know when you're catching up
with your bro that you haven't seen for
like years your chat about your
life you know steal the vibes honestly I
got a peek go for it
I gotta be I'll go next so now we're
going to 49th impaired low in downtown
this is
the best rate of a doubt so we didn't
make it okay
49th and parallel it looks like a real
Street so that a copy should be good
Cheers
pretty damn good yeah I like it the
Alpha taste is like very flavorful it's
not bitter vibes it's kind of like a bar
but with coffee
no alcohol it's pretty cool Cheers okay
okay all right now it's time for a
comprehensive study test laptop
knowledge doesn't fit oh yeah dude I
think it's the most space we had so far
honestly like at this point nothing is
gonna beat laughs a reference screen I
give us six point two six point two five
for me yeah I don't think it's like
worth traveling for on to the next spot
let's go no I grind every day because I
got penthouse dreams reality I
gotta make those my reality
[Music]
i we just arrived the aperture we
ordered two Americanos this legend
pretty cool so they gave us two cups one
with a very concentrated coffee and then
the other one is water so we got to make
our own americano
oh Cheers hmm I liked the last one
better really yeah half a port way too
much water in his and I put just the
right amount so mine tasted better than
the one that laughs alright yeah what do
you think about the vibes I think the
overall vibe is like focused energy you
come here to get done all right
let's do this study test so you actually
don't have any space right here so we
just add our own collection to the
bookshelf knowledge around us their
actual tables and there's places for you
to study
is it instagram-worthy yeah this is
definitely instagram-worthy cause like
it has like this hip feel like that's
what you girls want and your Instagram
photos alright yeah that's why we'll get
you extra likes the name is called
aperture which is talking about the
camera lens they designed it to be
instagram-worthy
overall it's got decent amount of study
space but the place is pretty small so
how many stars would aperture get give
it a six point four six point nine for
me this is a perfect space for studying
because everyone's focused and the
people around you make a big impact on
how focus you are me and Parr the only
distraction here that's it for aperture
on to the next place let's go
so pretty this is like a romantic movie
into that laptop yet we're hearing gas
town and we're going to revolver and
apparently this place has the best
coffee in all all right our last stop of
the day let's test it out
Cheers
it's like it's more on the sour side
like the fruity side of coffee this is
way too much coffee Kennedy
I feel hi-yah how's the vibe um honestly
really good I feel like this is like the
best place to reconnect it's like one of
those movies like you come here after
like a long fight have you just
like talk it out you know you're leaving
soon yeah I'll miss you
me too I'll be back though yeah I like
in another year that's not that you
exactly imagine how much we can get in
another year
what do you think of like studying I
think studying space over there is
pretty decent it's like one long table
and out of this area zombies for
chatting selling zero out of ten Li it's
hard to study in this section custom the
music's really loud and lastly is it
instagram-worthy yeah I would yeah it's
like all red paw yeah it is time we've
gone to five coffee shops today across
all Vancouver literally all across Maine
where is the best coffee shop to study
in all of Vancouver
I will go into aperture for studying I
would have to pick aperture as well
because it's just got the study of life
if you want to get done go to
apertures but where is the best coffee
shop
pure luck for it and laughs or at
hands-down why because that place is
literally on another level it's like
it's super aesthetic the coffee is like
pretty unique and the vibes are like
everyone just like talking and honestly
I would go there like as a date I would
go there to look for a date so guys we
want you to drop a like down below and
comment below which coffee shop you
thought was the best and do this tag
your friend and your friends crush and
say you guys should go there and nothing
else you know maybe you will become
matchmakers it would uh Cheers one shot
oh now let's go for a real drink